Update sdk-nrf to 3.4.0-rc1 and remove Partition Manger (#111)
nrfconnect/ncs-zigbee: docs/memory.rst

Samples were built using the available :ref:`zigbee_zboss`.
Unless stated otherwise, the default :file:`prj.conf` was used.

Memory layout in DTS
********************

The :ref:`zigbee_samples` define flash partitions in Devicetree (DTS).
The |addon| ships ready-made partition files under :file:`dts/` in the |addon| repository.
Use them as-is, or copy and adjust them for your board.

> Each layout starts with a **base** :file:`.dtsi` file for your SoC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each layout starts with a base :file:`.dtsi` file for your SoC.
```

> If you need MCUboot, FOTA, or Matter coexistence, include a matching :file:`.dtsi` file below the base file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use MCUboot, FOTA, or Matter together, include a matching :file:`.dtsi` file after the base file.
```

Some :file:`.dtsi` files apply to any board with a given SoC.
Others apply only to a specific development kit (DK).

Every base layout reserves the end of internal flash for:

* ``storage_partition`` - Zephyr settings storage
* ``zboss_nvram`` - ZBOSS non-volatile data
* ``zboss-product-config`` - ZBOSS product configuration

> The table below lists the available files, which targets they cover, and when to use each variant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table lists the available files, which targets they cover, and when to use each variant:
```

.. list-table:: DTS partition layout variants
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Variant
     - Path
     - Targets
     - When to use

   * - Base
     - :file:`dts/<soc>_partitions.dtsi`
     - | nRF52833 (SoC)
       | nRF52840 (SoC)
       | nRF52840 Dongle (DK only)
       | nRF5340 application and network cores (SoC)
       | nRF54L05 (SoC)
       | nRF54L10 (SoC)
       | nRF54L15 (SoC)
       | nRF54LM20 (SoC)
     - Required starting point for any Zigbee application.

   * - MCUboot (USB transport)
     - :file:`dts/mcuboot_usb_transport/<soc>_partitions.dtsi`
     - | nRF52833 (SoC)
       | nRF52840 (SoC)
       | nRF5340 application core (SoC)
       | nRF54LM20 (SoC)
     - Adds ``boot_partition`` (MCUboot) and resizes ``slot0_partition`` to fit.
       Use with sysbuild when the bootloader is updated over USB.

>    * - Matter and Zigbee coexistence

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * - Matter and Zigbee
```

     - :file:`dts/matter/<board>_partitions.dtsi`
     - nRF54LM20 DK (DK only)
     - Adds ``boot_partition``, ``slot1_partition``, and ``factory_data_partition``, and resizes ``slot0_partition``.
       Use when Matter and Zigbee share the same device.

   * - External flash (FOTA)
     - :file:`dts/ext_flash/<board>_partitions.dtsi`
     - | nRF52833 DK (DK only)
       | nRF52840 DK (DK only)
       | nRF5340 DK (DK only)
       | nRF54L10 DK (DK only)
       | nRF54L15 DK (DK only)
       | nRF54LM20 DK (DK only)
     - Keeps the primary image on internal flash and places the secondary upgrade slot (``slot1_partition``) on external flash.
       Adds ``boot_partition`` (MCUboot) and resizes ``slot0_partition`` to fit.

>        On nRF5340, external flash can also hold ``image-3``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       On the nRF5340 DK, external flash can also hold ``image-3``.
```

       Reference layout for :ref:`lib_zigbee_fota` over external flash.

To add an overlay file to your application, add an ``#include`` line to :file:`app.overlay` or to a board overlay in :file:`boards/`.
Always include the base :file:`.dtsi` first, then any optional overlay.

> Example for the nRF54LM20 DK with external-flash FOTA in :file:`boards/nrf54lm20dk_nrf54lm20a_cpuapp.overlay`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See an example for the nRF54LM20 DK with external-flash FOTA in the :file:`boards/nrf54lm20dk_nrf54lm20a_cpuapp.overlay` file:
```

Use them as-is, or copy and adjust them for your board.

Each layout starts with a **base** :file:`.dtsi` file for your SoC.
If you need MCUboot, FOTA, or Matter coexistence, include a matching **overlay** :file:`.overlay` below the base file.
Some overlays apply to any board with a given SoC; others apply only to a specific development kit (DK).

Every base layout reserves the end of internal flash for:

* ``storage_partition`` - Zephyr settings storage
* ``zboss_nvram`` - ZBOSS non-volatile data
* ``zboss-product-config`` - ZBOSS product configuration

The table below lists the available files, which targets they cover, and when to use each variant.

.. list-table:: DTS partition layout variants
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Variant
     - Path
     - Targets
     - When to use

   * - Base
     - :file:`dts/<soc>_partitions.dtsi`
     - | nRF52833 (SoC)
       | nRF52840 (SoC)
       | nRF52840 Dongle (DK only)
       | nRF5340 application and network cores (SoC)
       | nRF54L05 (SoC)
       | nRF54L10 (SoC)
       | nRF54L15 (SoC)
       | nRF54LM20 (SoC)
     - Required starting point for any Zigbee application.

>    * - MCUboot (USB transport)

Reviewer 2: nRF54L series doesn't have USB support, please remove from here and remove files in mcuboot_usb_transport.

     - :file:`dts/overlays/mcuboot_usb_transport/<soc>_partitions.overlay`
     - | nRF52833 (SoC)
       | nRF52840 (SoC)
       | nRF5340 application core (SoC)
       | nRF54L05 (SoC)
       | nRF54L10 (SoC)
       | nRF54L15 (SoC)
       | nRF54LM20 (SoC)
     - Adds ``boot_partition`` (MCUboot) and resizes ``slot0_partition`` to fit.
       Use with sysbuild when the bootloader is updated over USB.

   * - Matter and Zigbee coexistence
     - :file:`dts/overlays/matter/<board>_partitions.overlay`
     - nRF54LM20 DK (DK only)
     - Adds ``boot_partition``, ``slot1_partition``, and ``factory_data_partition``, and resizes ``slot0_partition``.
       Use when Matter and Zigbee share the same device.

   * - External flash (FOTA)
     - :file:`dts/overlays/ext_flash/<board>_partitions.overlay`
     - | nRF52833 DK (DK only)
       | nRF52840 DK (DK only)
       | nRF5340 DK (DK only)
       | nRF54L10 DK (DK only)
       | nRF54L15 DK (DK only)
       | nRF54LM20 DK (DK only)

>      - Keeps the primary image on internal flash and places the secondary upgrade slot (``slot1_partition``) on external flash.

Reviewer 2: Mention that boot partition is also added by resizing slot0_partition.

Samples were built using the available :ref:`zigbee_zboss`.
Unless stated otherwise, the default :file:`prj.conf` was used.

Memory layout in DTS
********************

The :ref:`zigbee_samples` use the DTS-based memory layout.
This means that the all partitions and their sizes are defined in the DTS files, and can be modified by adding an overlay file to the project's board configuration directory.
The |addon| provides partition :file:`.dtsi` files in the :file:`dts/` directory of the |addon| repository.

> The module sets ``dts_root`` in :file:`zephyr/module.yml`, so overlays can include them with a path relative to that directory (for example, ``#include <nrf52840_partitions.dtsi>``).

Reviewer 2: Use nrf54lm20 as the example.

The following table lists the layout variants, the SoCs for which a partition file exists, and the purpose of each variant.
All Zigbee-oriented variants reserve space for the ZBOSS non-volatile area (``zboss-nvram``) and product configuration (``zboss-product-config``) at the end of the internal flash or application RRAM.

.. list-table:: DTS partition layout variants
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Layout variant
     - Include path
     - Supported SoCs (partition files)
     - Purpose

   * - Base
     - :file:`dts/<file>.dtsi`
     - | nRF52833
       | nRF52840
       | nRF52840 Dongle
       | nRF5340 Application core & Network core
       | nRF54L05
       | nRF54L10
       | nRF54L15
       | nRF54LM20
     - Default Zigbee layout.

   * - Settings storage
     - :file:`dts/settings_storage/<file>.dtsi`
     - | nRF52840

>        | nRF5340 application core

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
       | nRF5340 Application core
```

Keep consistent with the others (or put all in lowercase).

   * - MCUboot
     - :file:`dts/mcuboot_only/<file>.dtsi`
     - | nRF52833
       | nRF52840
       | nRF5340 Application core
       | nRF54LM20
     - Layout for the application image when using MCUboot without a second upgrade slot.
       This configuration can be used for USB firmware updates, when the secondary upgrade slot is not needed.

   * - External flash (FOTA)
     - :file:`dts/ext_flash/<file>.dtsi`
     - | nRF52840
       | nRF5340 Application core & Network core
       | nRF54L10
       | nRF54L15
     - This configuration applies only to the Nordic Semiconductor development kits due to existence of the specific external flash module (``mx25r64``).
       It includes MCUboot, primary application slot, ZBOSS areas, and ``storage`` on internal flash or RRAM, secondary upgrade slot ``image-1`` on the board's external QSPI flash (``mx25r64``).
       On nRF5340 Application core, external flash also provides ``image-3``.
       Used as a reference for Zigbee FOTA (for example, :ref:`lib_zigbee_fota`) when the external flash is used for the secondary upgrade slot.

   * - Matter coexistence
     - :file:`dts/matter/nrf54lm20_cpuapp_partitions.dtsi`

>      - nRF54LM20 only

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     - nRF54LM20
```

>      - This configuration applies only to the nRF54LM20 Development Kit due to existence of the specific external flash module (``mx25r64``).

Reviewer 2: This is confusing, external flash is not needed for this case.
